---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to my website!"
author: "Shuyi"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: sea.jpg
---


Hello, this is Shuyi, she/her. 吳淑儀 <br>

I am currently working as a research assistant at CityU Hong Kong, under the supervision of Dr. Li Jixing. <br>

<br>
My background is in psychology and cognitive neuroscience. I have some research experience in understanding both psychological and neural mechanisms of social cognition, decision-making, and also health ageing. <br>
<br>
During my previous studies and training, I picked up some brain-imaging analysis skills, including EEG and fMRI.  <br>
I did my first fMRI study to understand the neural activities underlying the decoy effect when I was a master's student. In this project, I gained some basic fMRI analysis, including preprocessing/contrast analysis (GLM) and functional connectivity analysis (PPI and DCM). <br> 
Later, I finished two coordinate-based fMRI meta-analysis projects using ALE and other meta-analytic functional connectivity, including MACM and RSFC. To get robust results, we contacted Prof.Simon Eickhoff's team for technological advices and then collaborated with him and his research fellow, Julia. <br>
<br>
When I was a visiting student in Cambridge, I worked with Prof. Lorraine Tyler, Prof. Richard Henson, Prof. James Rowe, and Dr. Kamen Tsvetanov on a project about understanding the relationship between neurovascular health and behavioural performance. For most previous research, they would focus on the confounding effects caused by the decline in neurovascular activities especially in ageing research. However, our research goal is not just to dissociate the confounding effects but also to see how neurovascular activities influence cognitive behaviours. <br>
In our project, we usd ASL data to capture cerebral blood flow and employed commonality analysis to identity how many neurovascular activities would confound with neural activities and how many would directly influence behavioural performance. <br>
<br>

I am interested in understanding human cognition and also the neural rehabilitation(i.e., brain function change) on clinical population with intervention. 

My long-term goal is to get a Ph.D. degree in a neuroscience-related field and become a researcher in the future. <br>
<br>
<br>
I'm applying for the PhD program this cycle! <br>